---
layout: page
title: "Awards"
---
In the spirit of recognizing the diverse talents and unique contributions to this doctoral seminar, we are excited to announce a series of awards that will add an element of fun and camaraderie to our proceedings. Without further ado, here are the awards that will be presented:

1. Longest Discussion (in a presentation): Awarded to the presenter who engages the audience with the most extensive and thought-provoking discussion during their presentation.

2. Longest Discusser: Recognizing the participant who actively contributes to discussions with sustained enthusiasm and depth.

3. Fastest Speaker (Words per Minute): Acknowledging the individual who impressively covers the most ground in their presentation with rapid-fire delivery.

4. Shortest Presentation (Time): Awarded to the presenter who skillfully conveys their research within the shortest allotted time.

5. Most Overtime: For the daring presenter who pushes the boundaries of time, exceeding their allocated presentation slot.

6. Most Confusing Presentation: Embracing the complexity, this award goes to the presenter who leaves the audience with the most intriguing yet bewildering presentation.

7. Fastest Eater: Celebrating multitasking skills, this award goes to the participant who can devour a meal with impressive speed.

8. Most Precise Presenter (Least Deviation from 20'): Recognizing the presenter who adheres most closely to the allocated time frame.

9. Best Abstract (According to ChatGPT): Awarded to the participant with the abstract that captures the attention and admiration of our AI assistant, ChatGPT.

10. Longest Introduction: Recognizing the speaker who crafts the most comprehensive and captivating introduction to their presentation.

11. MvP (Most Valuable Presenter): Celebrating overall excellence and contribution to the seminar.

12. Most Accessible Paper: Awarded to the presenter who effectively communicates complex concepts in a way that is easily understandable to a diverse audience.

13. Most Clicked Abstract: Recognizing the abstract that generates the most interest and engagement from the audience.

14. Longest Technical Delay: Acknowledging the unavoidable technical glitches that extend beyond the usual boundaries of patience.

15. Best Student Presentation: Celebrating the outstanding presentation delivered by a student participant.

16. Best Postdoc Presentation: Acknowledging excellence in presentation skills among postdoctoral researchers.

17. Prettiest Slides: Recognizing the aesthetics and visual appeal of presentation slides.

18. Most Fancy Animations: Awarded to the presenter who dazzles the audience with the most innovative and visually stunning animations.

19. Slowest Speaking (Words per Minute): Acknowledging the presenter who delivers their content with deliberate and measured pace.

20. Most Absurd Pitch/Simile: Celebrating creativity and humor in drawing unconventional parallels during presentations.

21. Participation Trophy: An inclusive award recognizing everyone's valuable contribution to the seminar.

22. Fastest Speaker in Discussion: Awarded to the participant who skillfully navigates and contributes to discussions with speed and precision.

Let the excitement and friendly competition begin! We look forward to celebrating the unique talents and accomplishments of each participant.
